welcome all the files and just
lovers of the Transformers universe
do you know what is
paint and repair in short
repainting model while repairing
repainting her body parts
one model and with a dog him and and
other have such transformers effects
appear different on and even biographies
on to the point they still stay
shit compared to the original so i
thought until you saw him say this
wonderful ripped up godless repair
thunder wenge from hasbro only
prove the same there the creative
the department does not get paid for beautiful
eyes and since I have so many times
swore his office on his ass for
lack of professionalism and lack of creativity
a thing of the same should be in front of them
apologize and so my name is childbirth and this
my review on transformer generations
skyys up
The sky of the Swedes is one of those characters about
which little is known except
he is one of the coolest fled from
ipsy clones unsurprisingly
the appearance of weapons huge black
jokes fighter should cause fear
his enemies and at least respect
among allies the performance of the model itself
above all praise
monstrously ipad wing on and the instrument of predatory
the grin of the red lines the turning highway and
Of course the main feature is small
red-eyed drags drone it all creates
right mood for perceiving this
plane cons and with a stretch you can
call immediately what is hanging from below visage
hands and gray plastic that's not really
contrary to his appearance in the comic
but from a static point of view it looks
as it is not very much but now if nobody
objects let's try out all this
mechanics in action go
that's how you could see already
the transformation is easy and the league 1 outside no
nothing superfluous she delivers a sea of ​​fun
you feel the same when communicating
with the shape of a robot perfectly executed
rib cage rolling foot and
superior head design and crimson
the shine of the eyes leaves only pleasant
impressions
build quality plastic painting just
amazing in this robot everything in its
the place he is very carping can
except that
limited mobility of the shoulder girdle
and strange form of brushes interesting
rocket launcher solution
they can be put on the wing and can be given in
hands and even combine the main thing otherwise you
risk running a rocket at random
at the end I propose to take stock
personally for me sky swedes is
the best transformer about its class
premiere for 20 bucks you get
the model is equally well-proven
in the form of a robot ewald sea ​​with excellent
quality and freedom for modding
the model is some kind of ball for which I
willing to pay much more and now
for the first time since my communication with
guys or fashion me ready at last
say thank you